[rain pattering]
[flame sputtering]
[RUDEUS]
She really is Sylphie.
How did I not recognize her?
I guess
my impression of Fitz
was just too different,
or maybe
it's just that she grew up.
She was really
attached to me back in the day,
and always wanted me around,
while Fitz is much more
independent and reliable.
But she can still be
kind of an airhead, too.
That shy smile of hers makes
my heart swell every time.
And she's telling me
she loves me.
If I don't tell her how I feel
right now,
I could lose her again.
I don't want
any more regrets like that.
Sylphiette.
I won't go.
I love you.
[Sylphiette gasps]
[crying]
♪
Sorry, um,
is it your first time?
[SYLPHIETTE]
Oh, yes.
Is that a bad thing?
No, not at all!
[SYLPHIETTE]
Rudy?
[RUDEUS] And before I knew it,
my tent had collapsed.
[RUDEUS]
I'm sorry, Sylphie.
I've been this way
for three years.
I think
it's a psychological illness.
R-Rudy.
[RUDEUS] Embarrassing you
was the last thing
I wanted to do.
I'm so sorry.
[SYLPHIETTE]
R-Rudy, stop!
I'm not embarrassed
about anything, okay?
Go back to normal.
[RUDEUS] As much as I would
love to return to normal,
I don't think I can.
That's not what I mean,
just stop being so formal.
Err, right, I'm sorry.
I'm getting,
kind of, flustered.
No more fancy talk
from now on, okay?
-As you wish.
-You're still doing it.
[chuckles]
That one's not so bad, is it?
[RUDEUS] Thank you
for this pendant, by the way.
I'm glad it got to you.
I always assumed
it was long gone.
Lilia held onto it for us.
That's sweet.
So, anyway, why do you
disguise yourself as a boy?
Right, all of that.
I don't even know
where to start.
Well, I watched you
being taken away
in the carriage that day.
You were unconscious.
I was so shocked
that I attacked Paul.
[RUDEUS]
Really? You?
[SYLPHIETTE] I mean,
it was really sudden,
and I was confused
and angry.
But that day...
I promised myself that I'd get
strong enough to save you.
My mind was made up.
I started studying.
I practiced magic.
I even asked Lilia
to teach me some etiquette.
I just wanted
to catch up to you.
I wanted to be worthy.
I worked so hard.
♪
[SYLPHIETTE] Then came
the mass teleportation.
It warped me
to the royal palace,
where I met
Princess Ariel and Luke.
What happened between then
and university
is kind of a long story.
But I was so glad
when I saw your name
on a list
of potential new students.
Thank you for being alive.
[RUDEUS] You're welcome.
And thank you, too.
[SYLPHIETTE] And I get why,
but it was so weird
to hear you introduce yourself
to me like a stranger!
[RUDEUS]
I bet. I'm sorry.
I just can't believe
you didn't say
something sooner.
[SYLPHIETTE]
I guess I should have.
I just couldn't work up
the courage. Sorry.
That's okay.
If I weren't so oblivious,
you wouldn't have had to.
[chuckles]
[gasps]
[screams]
Rudy!
You can't do that in public!
Yeah. I'm sorry.
[RUDEUS]
So I do get some response,
I just can't control it.
But progress is progress.
And now I can safely say
I'm on the mend.
-[chuckles]
-[RUDEUS] All thanks to her.
What are you staring at?
Well, I've got business
with the princess,
so I should go.
Okay.
And I guess...we'll see
each other soon?
Oh! Right!
Yes, uh, guess so.
Or, I would
like that very much, anyway.
[both chuckle]
[SYLPHIETTE] I wish I had
some kind of medicine
for Rudy's condition.
[knocking on door]
So you failed, I take it?
Well, no, I wouldn't say that.
It was a bad plan in hindsight,
even if there was a risk
of freezing, I suppose
it's expecting a lot of someone
to tear the clothing off
a friend like that.
Sylphie, just tell us exactly
what happened, please.
[SYLPHIETTE]
Um, okay.
♪
[laughing]
You can't be serious.
[SYLPHIETTE]
Huh? No,
that's why
he's at the university.
he's-he's looking for a way
to cure his impotence.
[giggles]
Just imagine, to be so useless
in the one moment
it really counts!
Goodness, I may have rather
overestimated
this Rudeus fellow.
[LUKE] I don't think
you're being fair.
There are times
when a man can't help it.
It's not as though
Rudeus spurned her,
or failed to make
love to her by choice.
In fact, this could explain
why he's been so hesitant.
He's afraid to disappoint.
[ARIEL]
Sure.
I've always wondered
why he looked so insecure!
So meek and withdrawn!
That poor fellow.
He must have come here
out of sheer desperation,
with nowhere else to turn
for help!
I beg your pardon, then.
It would appear
I spoke too strongly.
That's all right.
It's only natural
that Your Highness
wouldn't understand.
Sylphie...how do you feel
about all this,
and would you want to help
cure him?
Uh... Uh...
Mm-hmm.
He's been taking the entire
situation to heart, so, yeah.
Of course, I wanna do
what I can for him.
But are you committed
to knowing
that it may
prove to be a challenge?
Yes.
I'll do anything.
All right, then.
I may have something for you.
I'll have to go get it.
Your Highness, excuse me.
[footsteps fade,
door creaks shut]
Again, I do hope
you can forgive me.
I misspoke about Rudeus.
[SYLPHIETTE] It's fine,
I'm not upset.
Well, Luke obviously
has some kind of plan
he'd like to set in motion.
But as it happens,
I actually know several cures
for impotence, myself.
Really? What are they?
[LINIA] What're mew doing?
[ZANOBA] I am returning
to where I began
and practicing
incantation-less magic!
-[groaning]
-[PURSENA] Then keep it down.
Can you practice
that part of it more?
[JULIETTE]
Go, Master Zanoba!
[ARIEL] Getting
them drunk first usually helps.
- I'm back, thanks for waiting!
-Alcohol. Of course.
[ARIEL] But then
you suddenly notice
how hot it is,
bare your shoulders a little,
and voilà.
And you think
that's enough to do it?
Oh, there's no doubt
in my mind.
You have the perfect look
to pull that off.
All you need is opportunity,
and perhaps
a few choice words
prepared to seal the deal.
[LUKE] No, complaining of heat
in the dead of winter like that
would get you taken to a medic.
But in any season,
Sylphie doesn't have the figure
for feminine wiles.
[exclaims]
You needn't put
it so brutishly, Luke.
[LUKE] Your Highness,
the Greyrat men
have been drawn
to buxom women
for generations.
If he's anything like
the rest of us, it won't work.
Personally,
I feel no attraction
to Sylphie at all,
and I never have.
However...
Wow, what is that for?
This, ladies, is a powerful
Fittoan aphrodisiac.
Behold.
-[ARIEL] You're joking.
-[SYLPHIETTE] You're joking.
[LUKE] It was at one time
widely distributed.
But the facility
where it was manufactured
and the recipe they used were
lost to the mass teleportation,
so eventually,
the asking price soared
to over 100 gold pieces
per bottle.
I've been holding onto this
in case I ever found myself
in urgent need of money.
But, you should take it.
It's so valuable, though.
-Are you sure?
-[LUKE] Of course.
But listen, any man
who drinks this stuff
will completely lose control.
So if you can't keep up,
you may want to drink
some of it yourself.
And keep in mind
that your first time
won't go
the way you've envisioned.
It never does.
Thank you, Luke.
I appreciate it.
Oh, think nothing of it.
You've saved my life
often enough,
I definitely owed you.
[ARIEL] I love how you two
have become friends.
Here, let me chip in, too.
[SYLPHIETTE] But, Princess,
isn't this your personal money?
[ARIEL] Yes, my spending money
for this month.
Please, take it.
At this point in the game,
it's the only helpful thing
I have left to give.
[SYLPHIETTE] Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Benevolent as always,
your Grace.
Sylphie...best of luck.
Okay.
Here I go.
[SYLPHIETTE]
Princess Ariel picked out
some new underwear for me.
And I have the aphrodisiac
that Luke gave me.
Okay.
[breathes deeply]
Mom, Dad,
give me your blessing.
Tonight I'm going to become
a woman.
[knocking on door]
Yes? Oh! Hey, Syl...
Master Fitz, rather.
Please, come on in.
[SYLPHIETTE]
Thanks.
[door creaking shut]
-[RUDEUS] So what's up?
-[Sylphiette gasps]
You were so tired earlier.
I thought you'd be going
straight to bed.
Well...
I came to stay the night.
Huh?! Uh, oh.
Okay, if you want.
Come in and sit down, then.
[chuckles]
-What is that?
-Oh...
I brought that for us to share.
After all,
we ought to do something
to celebrate our reunion,
right?
Oh, yeah, true.
We should commemorate
the occasion.
[RUDEUS]
Here.
You need cups, right?
I have plenty,
I eat in here a lot.
[SYLPHIETTE] Well, then,
here's to old friends
from Buena Village,
reunited at last!
[RUDEUS] Cheers!
And to our future, Sylphie.
[SYLPHIETTE]
Y-Yeah! Cheers!
"Our future?"
Rudy says the most
embarrassing stuff sometimes.
[coughs]
That's no good, are you okay?
You did get
some awfully strong stuff.
-Lemme see it.
-Huh?
Here.
I'll dilute it. This would
probably be pretty good
with hot water.
-[liquid sloshing]
-Now try it.
Ah, thank you.
You know what's funny?
That hot water trick
is why I started learning magic
from you.
Oh, was it really?
Remember? Those bullies
had been pelting me with mud,
so you helped me rinse off
on the side of the road.
Oh, yeah.
That was so long ago.
Yeah.
I wonder if our tree
is still there,
in Buena Village.
I was thinking about it a lot
on our walk through the forest.
Yeah, we did spend a lot
of time under that tree, huh?
That's where we had
all of our magic lessons!
You showed me how to conjure
water first.
And silent spellcasting
came so naturally to you!
It did, yeah.
That was a lot of fun.
Uh, I forgot.
I brought something else, too.
[RUDEUS]
What is that?
Um... It's a medicine
that's supposed to fix
your you-know-what.
[SYLPHIETTE] I don't know
if it's "medicine," exactly,
but it is a drug.
So I don't think I'm lying.
I think I've seen
this somewhere before.
Uh, I was hoping
you'd give it a try.
It's supposed to work
right away, from what I hear.
Hang on.
Do you know if it's safe
to take this with alcoh...
Y-Yeah, they said it's fine
to mix them. I think.
And once it kicks in.
Y-You don't have to hold back,
okay?
Do you want to try some, too?
[glugging]
[Sylphiette sighs]
[RUDEUS]
Are you okay?
[SYLPHIETTE]
I'm just a little nervous.
Right, yeah, me too.
[rain pattering]
[breathes heavily]
[gasps]
[RUDEUS]
Sylphiette.
[breathes heavily]
Y-You can't resist anymore?
Then, go ahead.
I want you to devour me, Rudy.
[gasps]
[indistinct chatter]
[birds chirping]
[inhales, sighs]
[indistinct chatter]
Oh, I remember.
That was the aphrodisiac
the peddler
in Roa was hawking, huh.
She has guard duty today.
She'll come back.
[sobbing]
Oh! Good, you're awake.
Hi, Rudy. Good morning!
Sorry I left!
I just went to thank
Princess Ariel and Luke
for all their help yesterday.
O-Or, I mean,
for giving me the push
I needed, or well...
Anyway,
they were both overjoyed.
You should come with me
to see them sometime,
I think the Princess...
What's the matter?
[Rudeus sobbing]
Sylphie. Sylphie,
my Sylphie.
[Rudeus crying]
Silly Rudy.
Don't cry.
I'm right here.
[gasps]
Rudy! Excuse you.
[RUDEUS]
I'm cured.
Thank you, Sylphie.
[sniffs]
[crying]
[RUDEUS]
Thank you. I love you.
[RUDEUS] It's a pleasure
to make your acquaintance.
Rudeus Greyrat,
at your service.
Your reputation resounds
throughout this school
like a thunderclap.
What brings you here
to see me today, Rudeus?
I imagine that Sylphie...
Sylphiette, rather
has told you most everything.
But there's one thing
I wanted to say in person.
Your Highness,
Sylphie was so good
as to cure my condition...
and I'm given to understand
that you and Master Luke
helped her to do so.
Therefore...if I can ever
be of service to you,
you only need but ask.
Generous. But I thought
that you shied away
from power struggles
between Asuran nobles?
True enough.
I'd rather not stick my nose
into a political dispute.
However.
If my beloved is caught up
in one, that changes things.
[gasps]
I would be extremely glad
of your support,
you're a valuable ally.
Now then...
What's next for you, Rudeus?
Personally, I have
a duty to find family members
lost in the mass teleportation.
In which case,
I won't be able to set out
for Asura immediately.
[ARIEL]
Oh, goodness, of course.
My affairs can wait until
after you've resolved your own.
But what will that mean
for you and Sylphiette, then?
[RUDEUS]
Sorry?
Oh, come now,
don't tell me that,
now that you've cured
your impotence,
you'll simply journey forth.
Yes, you have
a duty to your family,
but will you bid
Sylphie goodbye?
Of course, I won't.
I wanna marry her.
[both gasp]
[chuckles]
-Sylphiette Greyrat.
-Sylphie Greyrat?
[exclaims]
Surely you have some response
to that.
To marriage?
I don't know.
[SYLPHIETTE]
Luke.
Well, I guess...
I mean, what I want to say.
[RUDEUS]
Y-Yes?
Rudy...
please take good care of me.
Of course.
Always.
[ARIEL] Sylphie, if you're
going to become Rudeus' wife,
I should stop asking you
to dress like a man.
You may dress as you wish.
-[SYLPHIETTE] But, Princess...
-[ARIEL] And as for you
I intend to make good use
of your reputation
in my sphere of influence.
Please don't shy away
from using my name in kind.
Understood.
[chuckles]
♪
Your Highness...Master Luke.
Thank you for everything.
[chuckles]